This is a head-gum original.
Where is everyone?
We're supposed to have Emma Foley in Casey Donnie here on this episode.
And I have been told that they're in a meeting that's running late, but I was told that at 130.
It's 153.
Right.
I don't think meetings run 23 minutes late.
That's late.
Especially for like a half hour long meeting.
That's like an extra.
Yeah.
That feels like a choice.
This is my point.
Right.
Like they know that they're supposed to be here and they're actively choosing not to.
Yeah.
And actually feels like the choice.
Ha ha ha.
Here we go.
Hey baby.
It's hockey's.
Oh.
And everyone.
We're all obsessed with your delicate skin.
So we made our softest diaper ever to help take care of it.
Because when your skin's healthy, you're happy.
Huggies.
We got you, baby.
That commercial should be illegal, right?
Don't talk about my baby's skin.
Yeah.
It was supposed to be the choice call back.
And then I was like, uh, now the end is near.
It's like the prank.
Yeah.
My way.
Oh, I see.
Yeah.
Frank Sinatra's my way.
Or the 110 North Highway.
Let's get specific.
Yeah.
It's not just my way or the highway.
It's a specific song called my way or it's a specific freeway called highway.
Yeah.
It's a really strange to do this one on one.
Right.
It feels like more combative.
Because everything is sort of geared focus laser.
Sure.
At you.
On me.
Yeah.
Right.
You guys could have me, but you shouldn't have me.
Do you mind if I.
If I do folly for this episode.
For Emma.
That's pretty good.
The Emma folly episode.
You can't just push a record 25 minutes.
I'm sorry.
Like, you're going to have to hold me back once they do join.
So that I don't say something uncouth or uncalled for her.
Well, there's a chance they just don't show up right at this point.
And then what do we do?
We do this for one minute.
It's just you and me.
Yeah.
It could be an interesting special episode.
Yes.
A one on one.
A one off.
Right.
One on one.
Yes.
Exactly.
You're having a bad time.
Well, I need.
I have an out and 45 minutes.
I'm going to get a haircut.
Where?
I do.
It's sort of near the office.
But you can see what's going on here.
It's kind of a.
It's getting on the longer side of Rully.
It's getting on the kioserd.
As in it's absurd that it's on the side of kio.
Thank you.
That was kiosir doing now today.
I looked it up today.
And he's not doing well.
It seems.
Really.
Like, do you want to see one of his latest TikToks?
It's just kind of sad.
Like, um.
It feels like he lost his following.
Oh, it's interesting.
Now that we've had TikTok long enough to have somebody rise and fall in fame.
Um, here we go.
Where is the.
Okay.
So like this is something that he did the other day.
Yeah.
Are you certain?
No, what was my hug?
Yeah.
It's got my joy.
Scott, my new this year.
Yeah.
I like car.
This is a good haircut in spout for me.
I guess the bowl is back.
This one got me.
No joke.
Like, none of these are setups.
It's not actually jokes.
You can say kio v.
This that and the other.
But if there isn't something funny, then it was just a setup.
And that's coming from me, the host of this show.
Mio and kio.
Um.
Your camera is wobbling.
Like, is it on a very loose desk or something?
It's on a sofa arm.
Oh, yeah.
I can see that.
Yeah.
Um, this is just the best lighting in the house right now.
It kind of changes throughout the day because I live in Laurel Canyon.
No.
But I wonder if you, your sacrificing a stable angle for the the goat lighting.
I mean, what is what's worse.
I feel like the dark grainyness of it is not worth the stability of the the shot.
Right.
The truth.
Sorry.
Let me finish.
Yeah.
I was just saying the stability of the shot.
To who?
To you?
He said to Billy.
No, I said this stability of the shot.
That's not like if you're not actually.
Sorry, because I actually put a lot of time and energy and effort into these episodes.
Right.
So if you're not going to like listen to what I say to you on the show.
Let's just call it a day.
I'm listening.
You leave the zoom and that's the episode.
Yeah.
Let's call it a day then.
I don't want to be here either.
Six, eleven, twenty, five seconds.
I'm so happy to be here.
This is amazing.
My bond of the week is key.
Quam.
Was that an impression of him at the top?
Like, what was that?
I'm so happy to be here.
This is amazing.
Yeah.
Like he kind of has that unbridled joy for an ungurdled goi.
This is not Jewish.
Right.
And he doesn't wear a belt.
I guess he doesn't have a corset.
Yeah.
Record that.
Okay.
You can be in big movies and not necessarily be rich about it.
I was talking to Billy Brickett.
So you were talking to Billy.
It's the ability.
I was talking to the ability.
And he was like, yeah, did the Jesse Eisenberg movie.
And now it's like, I'm not rich.
Yeah.
You can be famous, but not rich.
And you can be rich, but not famous.
Yes.
Of course.
Right.
You know, there's a lot of, what's that?
Which one would you rather be?
I want to be Jim Stire.
Who?
The presidential billionaire?
Can't do that.
Got it.
So you want to be so rich.
You can occasionally run for president, but ultimately not so famous that you can't just go out.
Probably.
Exactly right.
So Jim Stire can go to the grocery store.
You can go to a lot of lessons, but also you want to go to Alaska.
He can equal parts go to a lot of lessons or Alaska to campaign alongside Tim King.
The pride.
Right.
You're real to live as being whittled down.
I guess I would go.
Who's the go bond of the week?
You don't have to put that much pressure on it.
It really doesn't have to be the best one we've ever done.
Is this episode coming out tomorrow or a week from tomorrow?
A week from tomorrow?
Who's on tomorrow's it?
It's the live stream episode.
Hmm.
So I wasn't there for that.
No.
Let's go.
John.
Rees.
Davies.
Who?
John.
I heard you.
I don't know who that is.
Yeah.
I'm not really sure either.
Let me look it up.
Probably an actor.
I think.
On you says sorry.
They're still going.
How pissed is a mirror.
John rees Davies.
All right.
He's an actor from all over Indiana Jones.
So he actually worked with Key.
Key.
Keygan Michael.
Yes.
Exactly.
Yeah.
Yes.
John rees Davies.
They sit on your text at you and said that they're still running late.
But planning on coming or it's like it's not.
It's not Casey's fault.
I have to blame anyone.
Let's blame Emma.
Right?
Because she hasn't been there for me in the way Casey has.
Yeah.
Here he is.
Yes.
We're rolling.
Welcome to the new age to the new age to the big show.
No, we are rolling.
Nine minutes deep.
I was talking to somebody the other day and they were like,
Oh, they're a photographer.
Or no, sorry.
They're a hair stylist on like photo shoots.
And I was like, oh, I could be done any like big shoots.
And they were like, I would usually work with Imagine Dragons.
And I was like, okay.
So you're like a millionaire.
How much do you think a hair stylist gets paid per shoot?
I don't know.
Fifty hundred grand.
That's a lot.
It's a lot.
A lot of grand.
Yeah.
A lot.
Sure.
A hair stylist.
Casey, who's your bond of the week?
Oh, my god.
Right.
Okay.
Casey was in a meeting 28 seconds.
Yeah.
I feel like you made that louder on my end.
You're just not active.
I only made it one second.
I only made it louder on the high end.
My bond.
Oh, you guys.
No.
That was.
I was a not joke.
You shouldn't have been mad at us for that.
Em was not even here.
It's five PM there.
Yeah.
It's late.
We're just in a meeting.
I was in a meeting with Emma.
So what was the meeting?
I was curious.
What is the meeting?
Because it ran so late.
We were talking live stream ideas.
Classic.
Yeah.
Sorry.
Jeff, you don't have to know about it.
Because it's, let's just say, no.
I'm surprised.
Let's call it double trouble.
Jeff's 48 hour lives.
He thinks.
It's funny.
Because surprising you again, would almost be equally as surprising as surprise.
Because there's no way we would do it twice.
What I will say is I would be down to do it again.
You guys just picked the worst weekend it could have possibly been.
No.
And if it had more time to do it again.
I think that's true.
I'm just always like not only cranky, but aching for some hanky pinky.
Well, this is actually good time.
Yeah.
That was episode is the live stream episode of the headgun podcast.
And it was mostly you and Casey on the show.
Yeah.
And I actually got grief for not coming back and doing the headgun podcast.
But I didn't even know that you guys were doing it at the end of a stream.
So like when I had family in town, like yeah, I can get brunch with my brothers and my
sisters.
And then I'm like checking Twitter.
And they're like, I can't fucking believe a mirror didn't come back.
And I'm like, come back, come back for what?
And it was this whole like controversy that spiraled out there.
So I'm curious to listen to this episode, which I guess people can now listen to.
Because it came out last week by the time we did this.
I'm curious.
I thought you knew what the schedule was because I was told that you were it was your idea
to surprise me.
So I was angry that you had that episode.
I'm curious.
What is this idea?
Well, I pitched doing a 24 hour live stream.
But then you said, and we shouldn't tell Jeff about it.
I'll take credit for it because that is a funny idea.
Well, I, the karma of it all is that I feel like in a content meeting last summer,
I pitched the idea of doing a headgum all nighter.
Not what I meant though.
I didn't mean this.
Right.
Because the power is probably what it's the face.
Twelve hours is an all night warning.
But the 24 hour plus the surprise.
Yeah.
Also, I wouldn't have done it for charity.
Like, I'm sorry, but why?
There shouldn't have been that element to it of like helping people who kind of need, you know, access or expanded access.
Are you able to still take in donations?
Yeah.
You know, why would we not?
There's, there has to be cash involved to the rise.
The cows can't come home.
And Emma's still not here.
The meeting that Casey was just in that we confirmed is over.
Emma's not here.
36 minutes late past the time.
And I guess at a certain point, my time becomes not even devalue, but invaluable.
Because it's awesome.
Amir, what did you think the ending of the live stream was going to be?
I don't know.
Because people were working very hard on the schedule of it.
Like, the things that would happen every hour.
It was, I think you, in Ania, Katie, a lot of people were working behind the scenes on.
Pack, making sure that there was something for every hour that Jeff is in there mostly.
Right.
But I wasn't entirely hands-on on like, oh, we should do this.
10 this at 11 this at noon or midnight, whenever.
So I was sort of hearing it as it was coming on.
And I would like, you know, check in on the live stream.
I called in once or twice.
But I didn't like have planned in my schedule.
Like, oh, come back at 11 for the headgon podcast.
Because again, for sure.
I had this family brunch situation.
So tell me who did work on the schedule the most?
Uh, yeah.
It was, uh, Ania, Allie, me, Katie.
Absolutely you.
You were there the entire 24 hours.
They did more scheduling.
And I was there physically making sure everything stayed on schedule.
But your plan was not to stay the whole time, right?
You were like, yeah, I'll stay to late night and then leave and come back occasionally.
Uh, yeah, originally.
I mean, honestly, I kind of expected if I was going to sleep,
I would have maybe taken an app on a couch.
Uh, for a little bit.
Uh, I think there should have been like a Betty by segment.
Right?
We're like, we did give you a sleeping bag and pajamas at one point.
Right.
But then there was no time built in.
Yeah.
There was no time that there wasn't something happening.
I think there should have been like a Betty by segment.
Like who's somebody that with like a notoriously relaxing voice?
Um, Joe La Truglio.
I was going to say Joe Paras famous for really.
Oh, four.
Like he has like specials that are like Joe talks to you to sleeper.
And we could have gotten him easily.
This is just Jake's brother and law is his best friend.
Hey.
Um, but yeah, I think I was expecting more out of Emma.
You know, in general, like not only on the stream, but also like going forward
hence their after.
And then it just, she's kind of let me down in that specific regard.
Um, pretty consistently too.
So I don't even feel bad saying that.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
Did I interrupt?
Did I interrupt anything?
No, no.
We were talking about baseball.
We were talking about live stream and you said that Emma let you down.
No, it was just like, America's past time pretty much.
And what way?
Me, I'm all letting you down.
No, I just said that because you were joining.
And I wanted you to think we were talking about you.
He hasn't been talking about you.
Jokes on you because I didn't even hear.
Hmm.
Shit.
Emma, if you had any tweaks or suggestions to change about the 24 hour
Jeff stream, what would you say was the biggest issue that we could have avoided?
Hmm.
I think for Jeff's sake.
And I'm going to extend an olive branch branch to Jeff.
Despite how I was, uh, how I was graded.
I would put the people that Jeff didn't know as well earlier in the live stream
to cause him less kind of emotional pain.
God, it's the more strangers up top because you can coast on a natural adrenaline of hosting the stream.
And then late at night, slash early morning when he needed the emotional support to have a friendly face.
Yeah.
Did that?
Is that resonating with you, Jeff?
That ring's true.
Yeah.
That would have probably solved slash solved all.
We are recording.
We should say.
Yeah.
I mean, I don't think what Emma said was too.
Rists.
No, I mean, just to make sure that she's recording sound.
Hi, Emma.
I'm sorry.
It's more visually.
I'm having some trouble with this.
It's time for an Oscar's recap.
The Oscars were when you're hearing this two Sundays ago.
But for us recording it today, it was five days ago.
Um, what did you guys think?
I mean, in case you're like pretty close with the Daniels, no?
Pretty close is an exaggeration.
But I have known them for for a very long time.
I was very, very proud of my boys.
Did you go to Emma's award?
Did you know that?
No.
I actually know them through Vimeo back back in the day when I worked at Vimeo.
They started putting their stuff out.
Then.
And so we would like to have them at the content stuff.
Yeah.
So yeah, I met, I met them through that.
And it's funny.
No, not actually.
I don't know them for, I didn't go to Emerson.
So I don't know them from that.
I actually know them from this kink club in the valley.
I used to go to these sensation play, Johns.
And I used to see if not quann, definitely the other one.
Shiner.
Yeah.
Shiner's after some impact play sessions too.
He likes to get the shit beat out of him on camera.
He's sort of camboying.
I mean, yeah.
That's in the movie.
Like.
What movie are you talking about?
I have no idea.
Oh, that's picture.
Oscar award winning everything everywhere.
All the ones.
I didn't see it.
This is great.
Um, Emma, how are you?
I'm doing all right.
Yeah.
How's that short film that you're working on?
Good.
I'm getting the edit back on Tuesday, actually.
What's the, is the tone of it?
Is it a comedy?
Or is it more hard drama?
Is it drama?
No, I think, no, it's funny.
I wouldn't call it a drama.
It's funny.
The annoying way that I've been pitching it is, uh,
like kind of like a mumble core with like a very high octane
through line narrative.
That's fun.
Wow.
So it's kind of like,
that's kind of a juxtaposition in the way.
Yeah.
And the tone is dead, Pan.
But the actions happening are crazy to have.
Yes.
Yeah.
Should we do a lot?
Sorry.
One second.
Should we do?
Go on.
Should we do a live?
Directors commentary when it comes out on the show.
If you want to do that, I'll let you watch it first.
If you want to do that, I'm gay.
All right.
Cool.
We do really have to move on.
It doesn't seem like we have that much time for this Oscars recap.
Uh, basically, what do we, what do we get to?
That Casey knows them from fucking Vimeo staff fix?
Like, what even is that?
Like, we didn't even talk about Paul Mescal's Cartier Tanks Genoa.
We didn't even talk about how Michelle, Michelle, Michelle, you know, according
to RM exudes luxury, which is probably probably the highest compliment someone can receive.
We didn't even talk about Kiwi quans rise from the ashes of Phoenician.
Is that the right word?
Um, tail, arc, Noah's or otherwise, and also we didn't talk about how according to
the producer of everything, if you were all at once, never put a human being ahead of
profits.
Do you want to talk about that?
He missedpoke.
Did you guys catch that?
He was like, and it's like my old, my dad always said, never put a human being ahead
of profits.
I'm like, your dad was an asshole, I think.
I didn't, I didn't know that that was part of the speech.
I couldn't, I couldn't hear the speech.
I'm here.
Never put a human being.
Sorry, you're muted.
Why is that a mistake never put a human being ahead of profits?
This is why, this is why he's the boss.
Yeah.
It sounds like that's the correct thing.
Like, don't put people in front of money or something.
Right.
I just think most people would say, like, you know, humans are important in cash.
I see.
Did he mean profit like the profit?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
Okay.
So just.
Onto we are back.
I'm going to Paris in a week.
Why?
It's actually a good question.
It's pretty far away.
Uh, Jevus Ray.
Are you going to vomit?
You're going to work on Mont francé.
A Vec.
Lé.
Parisians.
You're going to work on your French in Paris.
Yeah.
With Parisians.
I took a use of French in high school.
Because I didn't.
Eight years of English.
Middle school.
The end of high school.
Uh-huh.
Uh, we do really have to move on.
Let's talk about March madness.
Brackets.
Headgums doing a March madness.
Bracket challenge.
Emma, did you do one?
No.
I didn't.
Okay.
So let's make this quick.
Sorry.
Uh, Ryan Chambers already busted because he had UVA winning.
I did hear that.
And if I could just pull up what happened today.
Uh, it's pretty funny if you had UVA going all the way.
Uh, go, you know.
Go cabs.
A crazy pick.
This is what.
We're going out there.
Along with Shepherd.
But if that's free to shoot.
Make it to your turn.
Wow.
What a shot.
Just Ryan.
Like.
All right.
Let's keep it going.
Uh, Mexico City.
Let's start.
Let's talk about it.
It was your sports report.
Mexico City, CDMX.
Why does everybody keep visiting there?
I mean, you've been twice in two years.
That's not true.
It's not true.
Yeah.
You're all over the place, man.
First you said, I'm going to Paris.
Then you're like, let's watch your basketball highlight.
Now we're going back to Mexico City.
It's like hanging out with my five year old nephew.
Yeah.
Black little.
Just you have to just kind of let me tire myself out.
Yeah.
Usually, but.
I think what's nice about Mexico City is that it feels like a very European city.
Like you're transported halfway across the world.
But it's like three hour flight from LA.
It feels like a huge.
Cultural geographical flipping the off.
Shift on such a short flight.
Sure.
Besides like, you know,
the normal things like the food, the people, the architecture.
It's a very nice, walkable, affordable city.
Yeah.
The dollar goes pretty far there.
If I'm not mistaken.
Yeah.
You don't have to fly to Paris, basically.
I feel like you're traveling very far.
Yeah.
They don't speak French and Mexico City now.
You're going to go into Montreal or something.
Really?
Sure.
What's the bare minimum occasion that calls for champagne?
Answer me.
You're thirsty?
It's pretty good.
I'm a what's your answer?
I really like champagne.
So I actually would drink it.
Not to quench thirst, but on any,
any night that I was having a drink,
I'd be happy to drink champagne.
So like you go out,
you get one drink with a friend.
You got a glass of champagne?
No.
Well, no.
I can't do that.
But I will get a compari spritz.
Compari spritz.
Very good.
Which is just like,
yeah.
Sorry.
Where'd you go?
I went to a cafe,
the other day,
and they had compari spritz.
And,
$18.
They're going to say,
18 spritzes.
I wish.
Maybe if you want to spend half your months
and rent on compari and soda water.
Be my guest.
What?
Well,
was that leading into something?
No, that wasn't anything.
Let's just move on.
First Republic Bank reached a rescue deal
with other lenders,
and we'll receive $30 billion in deposits.
Why don't I ever get $30 billion in deposits?
I fuck up all the time.
Banks get bailed out,
but then I forget to upload the headgum podcast
on a Friday,
and I don't get a fucking stipend.
Yeah.
Really?
The rich get richer, I guess.
Right.
What about the rich get bad?
What about the rich get Richard?
Meaning?
Richard kind?
Yeah.
No.
I love that.
He is great.
He's great in the other two.
You guys ever see the other two?
Yeah.
No.
He's great in everything.
Welcome to Confucius or Lucius.
Have you guys ever played this game?
No.
Only on my own.
Of course.
And you can do it on your own.
It's just kind of,
it's already sad to play with other people
to do it on your own.
It's like hot.
I'm going to list out some quotes.
And you guys have to attribute them to either Confucius.
The, I think,
Taoist philosopher or Lucius,
the Brooklyn-based indie band,
that scored,
basically,
Lonely and Horny,
Amir's Vimeo series.
Yeah.
We actually got connected with them.
Because their family,
my mom and friends with friends with her dentist.
Yeah.
Her aunt or something Jessica's,
who's in the band,
her aunt.
And then we just became fans of theirs.
Yeah.
That music's really good.
Here we go.
And up since then, you know.
Sure.
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.
Confucius or Lucius.
I'm going Confucius.
Same.
I mean, you wouldn't have said it in those words.
Girl!
Yeah, he would have used Mandarin Chinese.
Yeah, totally.
We'll only be bound by the things we choose.
I'll go Lucius.
I'll say Confucius.
Sure.
Confucius again.
Who ever said Lucius is correct.
All right.
Dusty trails can lead you to a golden road.
Well.
Lucius again.
Yeah, I'll say Lucius.
Show me Lucius.
That's absolutely correct.
Um.
Sorry.
Never give a sword to a man who can't dance.
Lucius.
I don't know your, but it feels like a song there.
Yeah.
I'll think Confucius.
Oh, let's correct.
That was Confucius.
You must never give this one.
Yeah.
He sort of he would often speak and rhyming.
I think I was going to do this.
Uh.
We could live forever if only we closed our eyes.
Yeah.
That's god of elusius.
I guess this game sucks.
Uh.
All right.
I want you to.
I want you to be everything.
That's you.
you to be everything that's you.
I hope it's not conditions.
That's Lucius.
Yeah, yeah, it's Lucius.
Lucius says that.
Wow. He's been saying that. I want you to be everything that's you.
Done, honey.
It's enough.
I want to put them in.
Silence is a true friend who never betrays.
Lucius?
I'll go Confucius. I keep going Lucius. Confucius to me too. Confucius said that.
So bad at this game.
Pretty late. It's so many times on my own.
Ah, it's Confucius.
Shit!
Better give your heart than never give it all.
Confucius.
Wrong.
Actually, that was Lucius.
I was just so ready for you guys to get it right.
That was Confucius or Lucius.
We've got one last segment coming up. This one's going to take about an hour and a half.
Is that all right?
Are we watching a movie?
Yeah, do you guys might be watching Speed Racer again?
Yeah.
Um...
Let's get ready to home-bomb!
Speed Racer!
This is a segment I like to call,
let's get ready to crumble,
which is about humbling me until I mumble and grumble.
Okay.
One by one, you guys have to humble me
until I sort of crumble and grumble.
How do we humble you?
That's where the fun of it is.
By insulting you, like the opposite.
I don't think it should just be insults,
because if they're just insulting, I'll be all like shut down
and I won't hear the feedback.
If it's genuine feedback, then I will have to not only be humbled,
but also I'll eventually crumble and grumble.
Mm-hmm, okay.
That's also, let's hold all ships to the end.
I've been drinking the entire episode.
Mike, just cut out.
Sorry, Casey.
I'll go to the, you know, everyone's old favorite song.
You're, you're really bad communicator.
Even even in the meeting Emma and I were in before this,
Anil was was saying, like, well, I texted Jeff that you'd be late,
but he hasn't given any sort of response.
So it's so hard to talk to you because
we never know if you're even listening.
Here's what I'll say.
Look at these timestamps.
I can't really see that.
133 she texted me and I responded at 133.
Wow.
Oh, so you didn't respond to was her asking how mad a mirror was,
which didn't feel like it actually needed a response,
because it was like, oh, they'll just join when the meetings over.
Interesting.
But in general, you're absolutely correct.
But are you humbled for that?
Yeah, are you crumbling?
No, that's why you guys have to, you know,
it has to like, you have to be do better than that.
I know that I'm a bad communicator.
And frankly, I don't care.
What if anything?
You're doing better than before we started thinking.
If anything, this is making you happy.
Continue.
Emma's turn, I guess?
I don't know.
I don't know what my feedback for you is, Jeff.
I think what this is like, Emma's like,
you could stand a lose five to 10 pounds.
Yeah.
Oh, short, easy.
I'll start soft and get it in the way.
You should come to New York more.
You shouldn't be so LA-based.
I think it's limiting your comedy and your personal growth.
That's mine.
I'm glad I'm glad.
It's hard, you know, because I do things like I
just spend money on trips to Paris, so
into New York.
So I did get to New York.
That one kind of stun.
Emma here.
Um, so I'm starting to get defensive.
I honestly don't know the point of this game, but like...
Why?
Like, I don't know if you want us to compliment or insult you.
Like, let's more humbling.
Humble me until I crumble and grumble.
Right.
That is the assignment.
By the way, Emma understood the assignment.
Casey understood the assignment.
You didn't understand the assignment.
Yeah.
I guess I'm sorry I didn't come back for the
head-gum podcast to end the live stream.
But I really, I did have to a familiar obligation like my
nieces were in town for the first time.
Yeah.
Since the pandemic, so I had to prioritize that.
I didn't realize what would be such a
polarizing, such a big deal.
Had I had nothing to do, I would have come for a shirt.
And I just, you know, didn't want to
make the whole thing about me.
I thought you did great regardless of if the
Orgy came back.
I don't know if that humbles you to the point where you're
crumbling or crumbling.
But Casey, that had a neutral effect on me.
I appreciate it, but it didn't humble me.
If anything, I feel like a big head about it.
Because I'm like, you just did me to do it on my own.
I'll be shit.
Humble me until I tumble crumble and grumble.
At the very least, mumble.
I've got what we'd be seeing.
You at our company bonding off-site in Austin.
Actually, it's so serious.
You will not.
The last time I was invited, I think, because Jake was like,
you should come to the off-site.
I was like, no, I shouldn't.
And then I was there.
And I was like, even more so.
Yeah, I shouldn't be here.
Because we're doing team building exercises in specific
departments and no other 1099 is here.
Um, so I was like, I should probably shouldn't be at the next one.
When this thing costs thousands of dollars ahead.
Does that humble me, of course, because I'm also sort of a cultural
mainstay?
Forget the company.
I mean, like,
lost to Angela's at this point.
Like, when people are good as them, you learn.
And they don't see me.
They feel like they didn't get seen the way they wanted to be.
You know, do you get how I'm like getting confident?
Because you guys aren't humbling those.
So maybe I'm not.
Kind of winning.
I haven't crumbled yet.
Okay, so we've got grumble.
So far, we have at least one grumble.
And now we're looking for the grumble.
I need to fall apart at the seams on camera.
Yeah, I think I got something.
You pull out a gun.
Yeah, I got something for you.
I think this is, this is all very clearly a facade to everybody who knows you, you know,
watches this podcast, you know, anyone, anyone involved with the
consuming Jeff, this is a very clear
cry for help of a sod, like you, like you like to be so confident
and like outgoing, I, if I'm not at Zebi long,
people feel like they're not seen.
And it's, it's so clearly a scared little boy inside that is saying all of this.
Hmm, for sure, for sure.
Um, hanging on by a thread.
Anybody want to take us home?
Because I will crumble if you guys say anything further.
I feel like if you cut your hair,
you would lose all your sense of self work.
And that actually is not that the pre of you.
Fuck you guys.
All right, plugs.
What do we got?
What do you want to point the people to the floor as yours?
Let's start with a mirror.
Uh, this is bullshit.
Why did I do the segment?
Fuck you guys.
Oh, uh, I'm still on child.
Follow me on Twitter at Blumenfeld for my sort of rumbling slash
using about the topics of the day.
So check me out.
It's not me there.
You're kind of like selling yourself as like a John Stewart type
community and by like your takes on certain things.
Usually you tweet nonsense about how like when you're in Gabriel went to a
Hobachi restaurant, maybe.
When you grow, as you said,
Casey, uh, you could follow me at Casey Donnie
on Instagram, Twitter, letter box, uh, but more importantly, uh, listen to the pit wall.
Follow the pit wall on Instagram at pit wall pod, uh,
it's an F1 podcast I host it with Marie with Maria and Jeff is there sometimes
and Jake is there sometimes and piles there sometimes.
That's the most accurate description I've heard of the cast of characters on that show today.
Best for last.
Emma, what do you got?
Um, you can follow me.
I've never said the sentence before.
You can follow me on Instagram at Emma Rose Foley.
It's really just like a group of a group of friends over there.
So that's, uh, kind of the audience I'm posting for and like God, I'm sorry.
I don't mean it or up.
I just thought there's this person who has a vintage, uh,
Datson on my street and he just pulled into his garage at like way like 20 miles an hour.
There's no way he didn't crash it.
Forward or back, forward.
Absolutely forward.
And I think you're not to be this forward going forward.
Emma, sorry.
Um, and my short film The Poison will come out somewhere at some point.
You should premiere to the Woodstock on my Instagram.
Sorry, go ahead.
Premier to Woodstock Film Festival. It's easy.
Okay, great.
It gets into Woodstock. I'll go there for it.
Okay.
And then we can go to early terrible to get a drink.
Okay. Well, it sounds like it sounds like a drink of champagne.
Yeah.
At Jeffrey James that Instagram and uh,
that's it.
It's okay.
The pit wall.
I don't know what time going on.
What is this coming out? Mark,
you don't have a ton going on and you can't make these pit wall recordings.
I do actually.
I don't have a ton going on to point people too.
It's all stuff that is unpaid
speculatory work that will never pay dividends.
I do these holes.
Mostly meetings where they say that we really want to work with you and they don't want to
work with me.
They just have to fill their schedule so that it seems like to their boss.
They're doing something.
Are you still crumbling?
What's that?
It ends right there.
That was a hit-dum original.